Add FAQ & New Menu (#29)
emissions-api/emissions-api.github.com: faq.md

> <h2>FAQ</h2>

Reviewer: I've created a pull request against this pull request to include some hard to describe suggestions for 

- Simplifying the FAQ code syntax
- Updating some of the Q/As (deleting the DB ones)

See pull request https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api.github.com/pull/32

Author: what do you mean by "against"? to use that PR instead of this one?

Author: okay

<details>
<summary><h3> > What is Emissions API?</h3></summary>
  <div style="margin-left: 20px;">

>     Emissions API (application programming interface) is a service like the project slogan (easy access to satellite-based emissions data) suggest. With the <a href="https://api.emissions-api.org/ui/">swaggerUI</a> you can get a feeling for the data and submit test requests.<br>

Reviewer 2: Ideally the answer to this question should become clear from the home page (i.e. the landing page). If we re-iterate this information here, we should not just refer back to our slogan, but actually say what emissions api is. 

Also, in my opinion, we do not need to state what an API is. This is basic knowledge for anyone in our target group of users and if they do not know what it is, they will not use our API.

A suggestion to add a little more information:
```suggestion
    Emissions API is a service that aims to make access to satellite based air quality data (in more precise terms: the L2 data products from ESA's Sentinel-5(P) mission) easier for other developers. So instead of dealing with how to download and process complicated scientific data sets from the ESA directly, we want you to be able to query this data from a simple web API and receive a JSON object in return. You can check out the documentation to the interface on our <a href="https://api.emissions-api.org/ui/">ui page</a>. As developers, we believe in open data and find it awesome that this kind of data is made publicly available. Our motivation is to make it more easily accessible for developers outside the scientific community.
```

  </div>
<br></details>

<details>

> <summary><h3> > What does Emissions API consist of?</h3></summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary><h3> > What are the building blocks of Emissions API?</h3></summary>
```

  <div style="margin-left: 20px;">

>     The Emissions API consists of several projects that are all available on <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api">github</a>:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The Emissions API consists of three python libraries that are all available from our <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api">github page</a>:
```

    <ul>

>       <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5dl">sentinel5dl</a> project downloads data from the ESA and stores these .nc files to your hard drive.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5dl">sentinel5dl</a> library is used to download data from the servers of the ESA in their original <a href="https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/NetCDF">NetCD format</a> .</li>
```

>       <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5algorithms">sentinel5algorithm</a> project pre processes the downloaded .nc files.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5algorithms">sentinel5algorithms</a> library can be used to load and pre-processes the downloaded nc-files.</li>
```

>       <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api">emissions-api</a> project uses the sentinel5dl and sentinel5algorithm and puts the data into a database and serves it via an API.</li>

Reviewer 2: Since this part of the project is the service (and thus not meant to ever run on other servers than ours in the first place), I suggest to add some info to invite developers that might be interested in developing the core service. You could also add more links to the tech pages.

```suggestion
      <li>The <a href="https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api">emissions-api</a> service then uses the sentinel5dl and sentinel5algorithm to retrieve and process the data. The storage then takes place in a PostgreSQL database with PostGIS extension. If you are interested in helping to develop our service, we invite you to take a look at our issue tracker. </li>
```

    </ul>
  </div>
<br></details>

<details>
<summary><h3> > What is the source of the data?</h3></summary>
  <div style="margin-left: 20px;">

>     The data source is the <a href="https://www.esa.int">European Space Agency (ESA)</a> satellite <a href="https://www.esa.int/Applications/Observing_the_Earth/Copernicus/Sentinel-5P">Sentinel-5P </a>.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The <a href="https://www.esa.int">European Space Agency's (ESA)</a> <a href="https://www.esa.int/Applications/Observing_the_Earth/Copernicus/Sentinel-5P">Sentinel-5P mission</a> provides satellite based measurements of air quality parameters. We use their L2 data products as a basis of our service.<br>
```

  </div>
<br></details>

<details>

> <summary><h3> > What is a product?</h3></summary>

Reviewer 2: In my opinion, this section should go. It do not see why we need to explain basic terminology that is not a specific part of our project.

  <div style="margin-left: 20px;">
    The satellite Sentinel-5P monitors different gas concentrations and aerosols in the atmosphere. Those different substances are called products.<br>
  </div>
<br></details>

<details>

> <summary><h3> > Which products overall available via ESA?</h3></summary>

Reviewer 2: Since the goal of the faqs is to answer questions about our service we should focus on that. However, we can say that there are more resources from the ESA.

```suggestion
<summary><h3> > What air quality data is available from Emissions API?</h3></summary>
```

  <div style="margin-left: 20px;">

>     We are focused on Sentinel-5 level-2 products:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Currently we only have carbonmonoxide as test data during our prototype phase. However, in the future, we would like to add more of the Sentinel-5 level-2 products list:
```

# FAQ

> 

Reviewer 3: What about something like a table of content here? Maybe jekyll supports somesthing like that or it exists a plugin, but if you are using heading instead of `**<Question>**  `  you can definitely do something like that:

```markdown

* [What is Emissions API?](#what-is-emissions-api)
* ...
* [How can I set up my own database?](#how-can-i-set-up-my-own-database)
```

Author: Like I wrote above in the issue description, I also would like to add a table of content. I haven't got time yet to look how to do that. I thought it would be good to show you the FAQ content asap and add the table stuff in the meantime while we are discussing the content. 
But thanks so far :), I take a deeper look into the posibilities of jekyll.

> **What is Emissions API?**  

Reviewer 3: I would use

```suggestion
## What is Emissions API?
```

Also for the other questions.

Author: yes, since I haven't made the formattion (table of content) I just used that for highlighting the questions. But yeah, using headline formattation is an option meanwhile.

> Like the project slogan suggests, Emissions API is an API (application programming interface) with it you get easy access to satellite-based emissions data.  

Reviewer 3: I would suggest not forcing a line break. I think it is better to either remove those breaks and keep the blocks or start a new paragraph by using `\n\n`.

```suggestion
Like the project slogan suggests, Emissions API is an API (application programming interface) with it you get easy access to satellite-based emissions data.

```

With the [swaggerUI](https://demo.emissions-api.org/ui/) you can get a first feel for the data and submit test requests to our database (not all data imported yet from ESA-Database) and take a look on the data set.
Furthermore it is possible to set up your own database where you can download data from the ESA of your concern.

**What does Emissions API consist of?**  
The Emissions API consists of several projects that are all available on [github](https://github.com/emissions-api):
 - The [sentinel5dl](https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5dl) project downloads data from the ESA and stores these .nc files to your hard drive.
 - The [sentinel5algorithm](https://github.com/emissions-api/sentinel5algorithms) project pre processes the downloaded .nc files.
 - The [emissions-api](https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api) project uses the sentinel5dl and sentinel5algorithm and puts the data into a database and serves it via an api.

**What is the source of the data?**  

> The data source is the [European Space Agency (ESA)](https://www.esa.int) satallite [Sentinel-5P](https://www.esa.int/Applications/Observing_the_Earth/Copernicus/Sentinel-5P).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The data source is the [European Space Agency (ESA)](https://www.esa.int) satellite [Sentinel-5P](https://www.esa.int/Applications/Observing_the_Earth/Copernicus/Sentinel-5P).
```

**How can I participate?**  
This is an open source project hosted on github. This means everybody can bring input and help improving the project, by e.g.:

> - using the API (tag the project) and create awesome use cases by visualizating the data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- using the API (tag the project) and create awesome use cases by visualizing the data
```

> - forking the porject and working on issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- forking the project and working on issues
```

- collaborate on the documentation
- creating issues with new ideas
For more information about how to contribute see [here](https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst).

**How to get in contact with emissions API?**  

>  Via [e-mail](mailto:info@emissions-api.org), [twitter](https://twitter.com/emissions_api), [mastodon](https://mastodon.social/@emissions_api) or by leaving a comment e.g. on an issue.

Reviewer 3: I would also write the mail address here. So something like `[info@emissions-api.org](mailto:info@emissions-api.org)`.

Author: Oh yes, that makes more sense ^^ :D will change that. Thanks

**Do I need a database on my own?**  
You can use the emissions API database by using the [project API](https://demo.emissions-api.org/ui/) and use the data for your own purpose.
Or you can set up your own [database server](https://github.com/emissions-api/emissions-api/blob/master/README.rst).

**What is the database needed for?**  

> The database is used to store and serve the pre-prcessed data for [further usage](https://github.com/emissions-api/project-notes/tree/master/user-stories).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The database is used to store and serve the pre-processed data for [further usage](https://github.com/emissions-api/project-notes/tree/master/user-stories).
```
